HUNTING LEASE AGREEMENT

1.  PARTIES. This Hunting Lease Agreement (“Agreement”) dated on [DATE],
    is between:

  Landowner: [LANDOWNER'S NAME], with a mailing address of [LANDOWNER'S
  ADDRESS] (“Landowner”), and

  Hunter: [HUNTER'S NAME], with a mailing address of [HUNTER'S ADDRESS]
  (“Hunter”).

Landowner and Hunter are each referred to herein as a “Party” and,
collectively, as the "Parties." This Agreement permits the Hunter to use
the Property under the following terms and conditions:

2.  PROPERTY. The Landowner agrees to rent the following land to the
    Hunter:

- Property Address: [PROPERTY ADDRESS]

- Total Land: [#] ☐ Acres ☐ Square Miles

- Other Description: [ENTER BOUNDARIES, DETAILS, ETC.]

  Hereinafter known as the “Property.”

3.  TERM. This Agreement starts on [START DATE], and ends on a: (check
    one)

  ☐ - Fixed Date. This Agreement ends on [END DATE]. At the end of the
  Lease Term, if the Landowner does not renew this Agreement, the Hunter
  no longer has permission to use and access the Property.

  ☐ - Notice to Terminate. This Agreement is considered a
  tenancy-at-will lease which allows either party to terminate by
  providing at least [#] day(s) written notice.

  Hereinafter known as the “Lease Term.”

4.  EXCLUSIVE USE. The Hunter shall have: (check one)

  ☐ - Non-Exclusive Use. The Hunter shall not exclusively use the
  Property during the Lease Term. The Landowner shall have the right to
  lease or allow others to use the Property during the Lease Term.

  ☐ - Exclusive Use. The Hunter shall have uninterrupted and exclusive
  use of the Property during the Lease Term. The Landowner agrees not to
  give permission or rights to any other 3rd party to use the Property
  for any harvesting-related use.

5.  RENT PAYMENT. The Hunter agrees to rent the Property for: (check
    one)

  ☐ - 1-Time Payment. $[AMOUNT] shall be paid by the Hunter, at the
  execution of this Agreement, to use the Property during the Lease
  Term.

  ☐ - Monthly Payments. $[AMOUNT] shall be paid by the Hunter on the [#]
  day of each month to use the Property during the Lease Term.

  ☐ - Other. [DESCRIBE RENT PAYMENT]

  Hereinafter known as the “Rent Payment” and is the total payment
  required by the Landowner for the Hunter to access the Property during
  the Lease Term.

6.  GUESTS. In addition to the Hunter, there are: (check one)

  ☐ - No Guests Allowed. The Hunter mentioned herein, and only the
  Hunter, shall be permitted to use the Property.

  ☐ - Guests Allowed. [#] Guests shall be permitted to use the Property
  under this Agreement (“Guests”). The Guests: (check one)

  ☐ - Names Are NOT Required. The names of the Guests are not required
  to be disclosed to the Landowner.

  ☐ - Names Are Required. Prior to the Guests accessing the Property,
  the Landowner is required to obtain their names and a photocopy of
  State-issued identification.

  If Guests are permitted, they shall be allowed to access the Property
  under the same terms and conditions as the Hunter, although, the
  Hunter must be present at all times when the Guests are on the
  Property.

7.  CAMPING RIGHTS. The Hunter is: (check one)

☐ - Not Allowed to Camp on the Property.

☐ - Allowed to Camp on the Property. At any time during the Lease Term,
the Hunter is allowed to camp on the Property with: (check one)

  ☐ - No Restrictions.

  ☐ - Restrictions. The Hunter can camp under the following
  restrictions: [DESCRIBE RESTRICTIONS].

8.  HARVESTING METHODS. The Hunter is permitted to harvest the Property
    using: (check one)

  ☐ - All Methods. The Hunter is allowed on the Property to hunt, trap,
  fish, and use other legally applicable harvesting methods.

☐ - Specified Methods. The Hunter is permitted to use the following
methods to harvest animals on the Property: [DESCRIBE SPECIFIC METHODS]

9.  ANIMALS PERMITTED. The Hunter is permitted to harvest: (check one)

  ☐ - All Animals. All animals found on the Property are permitted to be
  harvested by the Hunter.

☐ - Specified Animals. The following animals are permitted to be
harvested by the Hunter on the Property: [DESCRIBE SPECIFIED ANIMALS]

10. RIGHT TO SUBLEASE. The Hunter has: (check one)

☐ - No Right to Sublease. The Hunter has no right to sublease the
Property unless written consent is granted from the Landowner.

☐ - Rights to Sublease. At any time during the Lease Term, the Hunter is
allowed to sublease the Property to a 3^(rd) Party.

11. LIABILITY INSURANCE. The Hunter is: (checked one)

☐ - Not Required to Obtain Liability Insurance.

☐ - Required to Obtain Liability Insurance. Prior to engaging in any
activities on the Property, the Hunter is required to obtain
comprehensive general liability insurance, which shall cover bodily
injury, property damage, and any other liability of the Hunter’s
activities with a minimum limit of liability of $1,000,000 in the
aggregate. The Hunter must provide a certificate of insurance as proof
of the required coverage and must name the Landowner as an additional
insured on the policy.

12. HUNTER’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS. The Hunter acknowledges the following
    under this Agreement:

a.  To be personally responsible for the actions and activities of all
    Guests, and any other individuals belonging to their party, while on
    the Property;

b.  Agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold the Landowner harmless from
    any claims, liabilities, losses, damages, and expenses, including
    reasonable attorney fees, arising out of or resulting from the
    Hunter’s use of the Property;

c.  Maintain proper safety procedures regarding firearms and any other
    weapons;

d.  Abide by all Federal, State, and Local laws;

e.  Has no right to assign this Agreement unless written consent is
    granted from the Landowner;

f.  If permitted to camp on the Property, that any fires started are
    maintained and properly controlled;

g.  Shall not be permitted to erect structures on the Property without
    the Landowner’s written consent;

h.  Accepts the Property in an “as-is” condition and understands that
    certain weather conditions may interfere with the Hunter’s plan for
    use of the Property;

i.  To retain any personal property brought onto the Property with no
    littering allowed whatsoever; and

j.  If exclusive use is granted as mentioned in Section 4 of this
    Agreement, the Landowner or their agents, employees, or other
    authorized individuals, shall have the right to enter the Property
    for non-harvesting purposes.

13. HUNTER’S NONCOMPLIANCE. If the Hunter should violate any provision
    of this Agreement, the Landowner shall have the right to terminate
    this Agreement without any duty or obligation to refund any part of
    the Hunter’s payments made.

14. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with
    the laws located in the State of [STATE].

15. ADDITIONAL TERMS & CONDITIONS. [ADD TERMS]

16. SEVERABILITY. Should any provision of this Agreement be deemed
    invalid or unenforceable, such condition shall not affect the
    remainder of this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and
    effect.

17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
    between the Landowner and Hunter and supersedes all prior
    understandings, agreements, or representations.

Landowner Signature: _________________________ Date: _______________

Print Name: _________________________

Hunter Signature: _________________________ Date: _______________

Print Name: _________________________

HUNTER’S RELEASE OF LIABILITY WAIVER

The Hunter acknowledges and understands that hunting, fishing, and
related activities on the Property involve inherent risks and dangers,
including but not limited to the risk of personal injury, death, or
property damage. The Hunter voluntarily assumes all such risks, both
known and unknown, and accepts full responsibility for any personal
injury, death, or property damage resulting from such activities on the
Property in addition to:

a.  Release and Waiver of Claims. The Hunter hereby releases, waives,
    discharges, and covenants not to sue the Landowner, its officers,
    agents, employees, and assigns (collectively, the "Releasees") from
    all liability to the Hunter, their personal representatives,
    assigns, heirs, and next of kin for any loss or damage, and any
    claim or demands therefore, on account of injury to the person or
    property or resulting in the death of the Hunter, arising out of or
    related to the activities conducted on the Property, whether caused
    by the negligence of the Releasees or otherwise.

b.  Indemnification and Hold Harmless. The Hunter agrees to indemnify
    and hold harmless the Releasees from any and all claims, actions,
    suits, costs, expenses, damages, and liabilities, including
    attorney’s fees, arising out of, connected with, or resulting from
    the Hunter’s activities on the Property, including without
    limitation, any injury, death, or property damage, whether caused by
    the negligence of the Releasees or otherwise.

c.  Insurance. The Hunter agrees to carry at its own expense, adequate
    liability insurance covering any legal liability arising out of the
    Hunter's activities on the Property, with the Landowner named as an
    additional insured under the policy. Proof of such insurance shall
    be provided to the Landowner upon request.

d.  Acknowledgment of Understanding. The Hunter has read this Release of
    Liability Waiver, fully understands its terms, and understands that
    it is giving up substantial rights, including its right to sue. The
    Hunter acknowledges that it is signing the agreement freely and
    voluntarily and intends by its signature for this release and
    indemnification clause to be a complete and unconditional release of
    all liability to the greatest extent allowed by law.

Landowner Signature: _________________________ Date: _______________

Print Name: _________________________

Hunter Signature: _________________________ Date: _______________

Print Name: _________________________
