LEASE TO PURCHASE OPTION AGREEMENT

This Lease to Purchase Option Agreement (“Option to Purchase Agreement”)
is made on ____________________________ [month, day, year] between
____________________________ (the “Seller/Landlord”) and
____________________________ (the “Buyer/Tenant”) Hereinafter known as
the “Parties”.

WHEREAS, Seller/Landlord is the fee owner of certain real property
being, lying and situated in _______________ County, ___________
[State], such real property having a street address of
____________________________________
____________________________________________________(the “Property”).

WHEREAS, Seller/Landlord and Buyer/Tenant have together executed a prior
lease agreement, the subject of which is the aforementioned Property
(the “Lease Agreement”).

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the covenants and
obligations contained herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Seller/
Landlord hereby grants to Buyer/Tenant an exclusive option to purchase
the aforementioned “Property.”

The parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Rent: Tenant shall pay Landlord the annual rent of
_____________________ Dollars ($________________) during said term, in
monthly payments of _____________________ Dollars ($________________),
each payable monthly on the ____ day of each month in advance at such
place as we may from time to time specify by written notice to you.
Tenant shall pay a security deposit of _____________________ Dollars
($________________) to be returned upon termination of this Lease and
the payment of all rents due and performance of all other obligations.

2. Utilities and Services: Tenant shall at its own expense provide the
following utilities or services: Tenant must pay promptly as they become
due all charges for furnishing
_____________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________

[specify, e.g., water, electricity, garbage service, and other public
utilities]

to the premises during the lease term.

Landlord shall at its expense provide the following utilities or
services: ________
________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________
[specify]

Landlord does not warrant the quality or adequacy of the utilities or
services specified above, nor does Landlord warrant that any of the
utilities or services specified above will be free from interruption
caused by repairs, improvements, or alterations of the building or the
premises or any of the equipment and facilities of the building, any
labor controversy, or any other causes of any kind beyond Landlord's
reasonable control. Any such interruption--and any other inability on
Landlord's part to fulfill Landlord's lease obligations resulting from
any such cause--will not be considered an eviction or disturbance of
Tenant's use and possession of the premises, or render Landlord liable
to Tenant for damages, or relieve Tenant from performing Tenant's lease
obligations.

3. Tenant further agrees that:

a)  Condition of Premises: Upon the expiration of the Lease it shall
    return possession of the leased premises in its present condition,
    reasonable wear and tear, fire casualty excepted. Tenant shall
    commit no waste to the leased premises.

b)  Assignment or Subletting: Tenant shall not assign or sublet said
    premises or allow any other person to occupy the leased premises
    without Landlord's prior written consent.

c)  Alterations: Tenant shall not make any material or structural
    alterations to the leased premises without Landlord's prior written
    consent.

d)  Compliance with Law: Tenant shall comply with all building, zoning
    and health codes and other applicable laws for the use of said
    premises.

e)  Tenant’s Conduct: Tenant shall not conduct on premises any activity
    deemed extra hazardous, or a nuisance, or requiring an increase in
    fire insurance premiums.

f)  Pets: Tenant shall not allow pets on the premises.

g)  Right of Termination and Re-Entry: In the event of any breach of the
    payment of rent or any other allowed charge, or other breach of this
    Lease, Landlord shall have full rights to terminate this Lease in
    accordance with state law and re-enter and re-claim possession of
    the leased premises, in addition to such other remedies available to
    Landlord arising from said breach.

4. OPTION TERM. The option to purchase period commences on
____________________________ [month, day, year] and expires at 11:59 PM
____________________________ [month, day, year].

5. NOTICE REQUIRED TO EXERCISE OPTION. To exercise the Option to
Purchase, the Buyer/ Tenant must deliver to the Seller/Landlord written
notice of Buyer/Tenant’s intent to purchase. In addition, the written
notice must specify a valid closing date. The closing date must occur
before the original expiration date of the Lease Agreement, or the date
of the expiration of the Option to Purchase Agreement designated in
paragraph 1, whichever occurs later.

6. OPTION CONSIDERATION. As consideration for this Option to Purchase
Agreement, the Buyer/ Tenant shall pay the Seller/Landlord a
non-refundable fee of _____________________ Dollars ($________________),
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by the Seller/Landlord. This
amount shall be credited to the purchase price at closing if the
Buyer/Tenant timely exercises the option to purchase, provided that the
Buyer/Tenant: (a) is not in default of the Lease Agreement, and (b)
closes the conveyance of the Property. The Seller/Landlord shall not
refund the fee if the Buyer/Tenant defaults in the Lease Agreement,
fails to close the conveyance, or otherwise does not exercise the option
to purchase.

7. PURCHASE PRICE. The total purchase price for the Property is
_____________________ Dollars ($________________), Provided that the
Buyer/Tenant timely executes the option to purchase, is not in default
of the Lease Agreement, and closes the conveyance of the Property, the
Seller/Landlord shall credit towards the purchase price at closing the
sum of _____________________ Dollars ($________________), from each
monthly lease payment that the Buyer/Tenant timely made. However, the
Buyer/Tenant shall receive no credit at closing for any monthly lease
payment that the Seller/ Landlord received after the due date specified
in the Lease Agreement.

8. EXCLUSIVITY OF OPTION. This Option to Purchase Agreement is exclusive
and non-assignable and exists solely for the benefit of the named
parties above. Should Buyer/Tenant attempt to assign, convey, delegate,
or transfer this option to purchase without the Seller/Landlord’s
express written permission, any such attempt shall be deemed null and
void.

9. CLOSING AND SETTLEMENT. Seller/Landlord shall determine the title
company at which settlement shall occur and shall inform Buyer/Tenant of
this location in writing. Buyer/Tenant agrees that closing costs in
their entirety, including any points, fees, and other charges required
by the third-party lender, shall be the sole responsibility of
Buyer/Tenant. The only expense related to closing costs apportioned to
Seller/Landlord shall be the pro-rated share of the ad valorem taxes due
at the time of closing, for which Seller/Landlord is solely responsible.

10. FINANCING AVAILABILITY. SELLER/LANDLORD MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF FINANCING REGARDING THIS OPTION TO
PURCHASE. BUYER/TENANT IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING FINANCING IN
ORDER TO EXERCISE THIS OPTION.

11. FINANCING DISCLAIMER. The parties acknowledge that it is impossible
to predict the availability of obtaining financing towards the purchase
of this Property. Obtaining financing shall not be held as a condition
of performance of this Option to Purchase Agreement. The parties further
agree that this Option to Purchase Agreement is not entered into in
reliance upon any representation or warranty made by either party.

12. REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT. If Buyer/Tenant defaults under this Option to
Purchase Agreement or the Lease Agreement, then in addition to any other
remedies available to Seller/Landlord at law or in equity,
Seller/Landlord may terminate this Option to Purchase by giving written
notice of the termination. If terminated, the Buyer/Tenant shall lose
entitlement to any refund of rent or option consideration. For this
Option to Purchase Agreement to be enforceable and effective, the
Buyer/Tenant must comply with all terms and conditions of the Lease
Agreement.

13. COMMISSION. No real estate commissions or any other commissions
shall be paid in connection with this transaction.

14. RECORDING OF AGREEMENT. Buyer/Tenant shall not record this Option to
Purchase Agreement on the Public Records of any public office without
the express and written consent of Seller/Landlord.

15. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. The parties are executing this Option to Purchase
Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence. The
parties have carefully read this Option to Purchase Agreement and have
asked any questions needed to understand its terms, consequences, and
binding effect and fully understand them and have been given an executed
copy. The parties have sought the advice of an attorney of their
respective choice if so desired prior to signing this Option to Purchase
Agreement.

16. TIMING. Time is of the essence in this Option to Purchase Agreement.

17. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE. This Option to Purchase Agreement shall be
governed, construed and interpreted by, through and under the Laws of
the State of Alabama. The parties further agree that the venue for any
and all disputes related to this Option to Purchase shall be
______________ (County), ________________ (State).

18. OPTION TO PURCHASE CONTROLLING. In the event a conflict arises
between the terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement and the Option
to Purchase Agreement, the Option to Purchase Agreement shall control.

19. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION. This document sets forth the entire
agreement and understanding between the parties relating to the subject
matter herein and supersedes all prior discussions between the parties.
No modification of or amendment to this Option to Purchase Agreement,
nor any waiver of any rights under this Option to Purchase Agreement,
will be effective unless in writing signed by the party to be charged.

SELLER/LANDLORD’S SIGNATURE: ______________________

Print: ______________________

SELLER/LANDLORD’S SIGNATURE: ______________________

Print: ______________________

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
-

BUYER/TENANT’S SIGNATURE: ______________________

Print: ______________________

BUYER/TENANT’S SIGNATURE: ______________________

Print: ______________________

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
-

AGENT’S SIGNATURE: ______________________

Print: ______________________

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
-

WITNESS’S SIGNATURE: ______________________

Print: ______________________
